great day my movie addicts family starting today
i will do a random shout out to our subscribers in
our movie addicts channel in youtube so shout
out to pinky assis thank you for your support
to our channel so if you want to be shout out
here in our featured video just subscribe and
comment on our video uploads now back to our
featured video we will do a recap on action
drama horror mystery thriller sci-fi movie titled
a quiet place this is the part 1 of the movie and
we will do a recap of the part 2 of the movie once
we finished watching it soon and friends don't
forget to click the like button subscribe and hit
the bell icon to get notified for our every upload
here in our channel and now let's begin with
the movie warning heavy spoilers ahead day 89
amid the many tattered missing persons posters and
flyers a family quietly tiptoes barefoot through
an empty store of a ghost town the family's mother
evelyn abbott carefully looks through a cluster of
uncollected prescription bottles for her eldest
son marcus who is sick evelyn gives marcus a
medication and uses sign language to reassure
her deaf daughter regan that her brother is
okay regan then checks on her younger brother beau
who is drawing a picture of a rocket on the floor
he signs to regain rocket that's how we'll get
away then beau climbs the mostly empty shelves
and reaches for a space shuttle toy the toy
falls from the shelf but regan scrambles to
catch it before it hits the floor meanwhile
the family's father lee abbott has scavenged
some electronics for a radio which will boost its
signal as well as some cutting pliers for regan
evelyn signs to her family that it'll be dark soon
and they prepare to leave but the family looks
of horror come across their faces as because spo
has the electronic space shuttle toy in his hands
on which lee carefully takes from him and removes
its two batteries he signs to his youngest son
it's too loud as the family departs regan sneaks
the toy back to beau who then grabs the batteries
on his way out the abbott silently walk back home
on a trail of sand they've created as they come to
a walking bridge they suddenly hear the electronic
sound of the space shuttle toy from beau who is
pulling up the behind the rear a horrifiedly
races back toward his son but it's too late
an alien creature quickly seizes and kills beau
day 472 the abbots are home on their family farm
lee is in the basement of the farmhouse where
he has set up an extensive surveillance system
of cameras and monitors there are also scores
of various news clippings which report of an
alien invasion as well as notes from leave it
red blind attack sound and armor lee went to
his radio and electronics which he uses in
the hope of contacting any other survivors
evelyn meanwhile is in a cellar where she hangs
a toy she has crafted evelyn is pregnant lee has
moved up to the top of his grain silo where
he looks through pictures of beau evelyn
sets up an oxygen tank which is connected to an
infant breathing mask it sits next to a covered
soundproof baby [ __ ] evelyn asks regan to
tell her father that dinner is ready which she
reluctantly does they eat quiet foods on leaves of
lettuce instead of plates and do a silent prayer
afterwards regan and marcus play monopoly
when he accidentally knocks over a lantern
which sets the rug on fire lee quickly puts it
out and they quietly wait for the consequences
it seems as though they've dodged a bullet but
then hear a loud noise on the roof lee looks out
the window and is startled but relieved to see a
raccoon fall from the roof he heads down into the
basement to work on a cochlear implant processor
which will help his daughter to hear evelyn comes
down where they share a smile and a set of earbuds
as they slow dance to neil young's harvest moon
day 473 while lee is pouring down more sand
on their walking paths evelyn is in the cellar
checking her blood pressure her due date is just
a couple weeks away she places a steethoscope to
her abdomen revealing a strong healthy heartbeat
regan enters the house being careful to walk only
on the marked parts of the floor which don't creak
and wants to go down into the basement but her dad
stops her he has added small amplifiers from a
stereo to her new cochlear implant processor and
wants to put them on regan but she stops him and
signs that they never work lee disheartened hands
them to her instead and starts to set out on an
excursion he wants marcus to come with him but the
boy is scared and doesn't want to go instead it's
regan who wants to go but lee tells her to stay
and take care of her mom she runs to her room
and tries on the new cochlear implant processor
when they don't work she's devastated regan
packs a bag which includes a wrapped object
from her dresser and her cutting pliers then
she leaves the farm lee has taken his son to
the river where he teaches him that making small
sounds is okay as long as ladder sounds are nearby
next to a waterfall they can speak freely to each
other without fear of being heard marcus asks his
dad why he didn't let regan come and if he blames
her for what happened to beau because she blames
herself when lee says it was no one's fault marcus
tells him if he still loves her he should tell her
during this conversation regan has arrived at
the walking bridge where a makeshift memorial
has been constructed for beau she unwraps
the object from her dresser which we discover
is the space shuttle toy then uses the pliers
to cut a wire which enables the toy to light up
without making any noise back at home evelyn is
carrying a laundry bag up from the basement when
it gets snagged on the stairs she manages to
pull it loose causing her to fall and exposing
the point of a nail sticking up from the stair on
the way back home lee and marcus are startled by
an old man coming out of the woods and then notice
the dead body of his wife on the ground nearby lee
implores the old man to stay silent but instead he
lets out a primal scream lee grabs marcus and runs
as the man is quickly scooped up and killed by an
alien back home evelyn's water breaks she heads
down to the basement and impales her foot on the
exposed nail coming up from the stair she manages
not to scream out but drops the picture frame she
was holding which draws an alien into the house
evelyn pulls her foot off the nail switches on the
red light bulbs which run across the property and
serve as a warning signal and searches the shelves
for a mechanical kitchen timer the alien slowly
walks down the stairs into the basement listening
for any evidence of life when the timer goes off
the alien attacks it as evelyn runs upstairs she
sees another alien in the front yard evelyn goes
upstairs into the bathroom and sinks into the tub
she's starting to give birth as the alien comes
upstairs lee has returned home and is horrified
to see that the red lights have been switched on
he signs the word rocket to his son then tells him
i need you to make a sound louder you can do it
as marcus sprints to a designated area and lights
a fuse which sets off a series of fireworks lee
then grabs his shotgun then lee searches the house
and walks into the bathroom where he sees an empty
bathtub covered in his wife's blood he starts
to weep believing evelyn is dead then discovers
that she is safe and hiding in the shower with
their new baby boy marcus meanwhile is walking
back toward the house when he hears an alien he
makes a run for it into the cornfield but runs
straight into a tractor tires knocking himself
unconscious lee has taken evelyn to the cellar
and placed his new son into the soundproof [ __
] regan has returned home and notices the beam of
marcus's flashlight coming out from the cornfield
but cannot hear the alien coming up behind her but
as the alien moves closer regan's cochlear implant
processor starts producing a high-pitched feedback
which distresses the alien causing it to run
off evelyn thinks about bo and regrets that she
didn't carry him on that fateful day then before
getting some much-needed sleep makes lee promise
that he will protect their children lee leaves
to look for the kids as we see water rushing down
into the cellar regan finds marcus in there a
tree to the top of the grain silo on top of the
silo marcus signs don't worry he'll come for us
but regan shakes her head replying he'll come for
you later evelyn wakes to find that the cellar has
flooded on top of this an alien has climbed down
inside the room and the baby is sleeping in
the soundproof crib but the top is open evelyn
carefully picks up her baby and slinks to the back
of the cellar behind the waterfall flooding the
room all of a sudden a hatch on the top of the
silo breaks causing marcus to fall inside of it
as he's slowly drowning in the grain the alien
in the cellar with evelyn is drawn out by the
noise the hatch breaks away completely and
falls into the silo just missing marcus
regan herself jumps into the silo and
successfully saves her brother by pushing
the hatch towards him so he can grab hold of it
however she herself quickly sinks into the grain
marcus climbs onto the hatch and pulls out
his sister to safety regan and marcus both
sit safely atop the silo door but then they
hear a crash on top of the silo the alien
from the flooded cellar jumps in the silo as
the kids cover themselves with the hatch door
they seem doomed until regan's cochlear implant
processor once again lets out a piercing feedback
forcing the alien to crash out the side of the
silo regan and marcus crawl out of the silo
lee has arrived on the scene and meets with the
children but is quickly interrupted by the alien
the children hides on the truck while lee grabs
an axe lee was attacked by the alien which causes
marcus to scream upon hearing this the alien heads
for the truck this time when regan's processor
starts its piercing feedback she turns it off
now the alien resume its attack on the truck
and trying to rip it open lee who is badly injured
makes eye contact with his daughter and signs i
love you i have always loved you he then lets out
a yell to sacrifice himself and save the kids they
put the truck into neutral and roll it back to
the house where they reunite with their mother
evelyn and the kids hear the alien approaching so
they retreat back into the house and head down to
the basement regan who was never allowed down
there sees for the first time the evidence of
all the work her father put into repairing
and creating her cochlear implant processor
she's overwhelmed with emotion just as the lights
begin to flicker the alien walks down into the
basement and has them cornered regan however scans
a handwritten scribbling from her dad which read
what is their weakness then takes a quick
glance at the hearing aids on his workbench
and eureka she switches on her cochlear implant
processor creating feedback and causing the alien
to shudder regan then amplifies the feedback by
holding the processor up against a microphone
the alien collapses then slowly staggers back
up on its feet but evelyn used the shotgun and
blows its head to pieces when they see
on the surveillance monitors that the
sound of the shotgun has seemingly brought
every alien in the county to their home
regan turns up the speakers while evelyn pumps
the shotgun wearing a rye grin on her face
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos